# Warning: we're doing this a little out of order.

Based on feedback from recent cohorts, our database training needs to learn more towards the practical (so you can build sooner, and learn theory later).

Now that you've gotten familiar with Express, we need to replace the placeholder data with a database.

This homework will get you ready for that.


## 1. Sign up for ElephantSQL

To make sure we get productive with SQL quickly, we'll use elephantSQL to get started. (So that we won't burn hours of class time getting it installed locally.)

Go to https://www.elephantsql.com/

Sign up for an account (logging in with your GitHub).

Make sure you do this before Monday!


## 2. Skim the CRUD lesson in the Learning Portal


[This lesson](https://learn.digitalcrafts.com/immersive/lessons/databases/data-modeling/) was meant to be read after a classroom intro to the SQL language. 

However, you should skim over it (a couple of times ) and be on the lookout for these things:

- Diagram of how databases fit in with express (or any backend).
- SQL code almost reads like English (try reading some of the code out loud!).
- IDs are the **most important thing** when working with SQL.
  - It's how every piece of information relates to other pieces of information in the database.

## 3. Skim the Sequlize lesson in the Learning Portal

Really, I mean skim...but know that you'll see:

- [async/await](https://davidwalsh.name/async-await) functions
- pages of code generated by a command line tool
- unfamiliar function names (that are built into the Sequelize library)

Sequlize is made for building big databases and working with them quickly. It will serve as our Model layer (as in Model-View-Controller) for all backend apps going forward.
